O365 Outlook Mail  - add timeout param (#14809)
demisto/content: Packs/MicrosoftGraphMail/Integrations/MicrosoftGraphMail/README.md

| folder_to_fetch | The name of the folder from which to fetch incidents (supports Folder ID and sub-folders e.g. Inbox/Phishing). | False |
| first_fetch | The first fetched timestamp ((number) (time unit), e.g., 12 hours, 7 days). | False |
| fetch_limit | The maximum number of emails to pull per fetch. | False |

> | HTTP Timeout | The maximum number of emails to pull per fetch. | False |
> | insecure | The timeout of the HTTP requests sent to Microsoft Graph API (in seconds). | False |

Reviewer: the descriptions are wrong
```suggestion
| HTTP Timeout | The timeout of the HTTP requests sent to Microsoft Graph API (in seconds). | False |
| insecure | Whether to trust any certificate (not secure). | False |
```
